Feat/integrate with vercel (#1200)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/customize/integrations/integrate-with-vercel.mdx

---
title: Integrate with Vercel
description: Integrate Auth0 into your Vercel application
validatedOn: 2026-05-14
---

> Auth0 is the leading identity and access management platform for securing your apps and agentic workflows. Set up and customize your login box without having to build from scratch. Then extend and scale your authentication and authorization flows with advanced features, including [B2B Organizations](/docs/manage-users/organizations), [Fine-Grained Authorization (FGA)](https://docs.fga.dev/), [Auth0 for AI Agents](https://auth0.com/ai/docs), and more.

Reviewer: >Auth0 is the leading identity and access management platform for securing your apps and agentic workflows. 

This feels kinda sales-y/marketing-y? Maybe something more straightforward?

Auth0's native integration with Vercel lets you connect your identity platform to your Vercel project with minimal configuration.

Author: you're so right i did a copy/paste from the copy i wrote for the Vercel marketplace lmao

Auth0's Vercel native integration enables:

> * Automatic provisioning of an Auth0 application that connects to your Vercel project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Automatic provisioning of an Auth0 application that connects to your Vercel project.
```

> * Preloading of your Auth0 credentials into the Vercel Dashboard for quick and easy setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Preloading of your Auth0 credentials into the Vercel Dashboard for quick and easy setup.
```

Reviewer: credentials? or environment variables?

> * Out-of-the-box support for your Next.js and React applications using the [Auth0 SDKs](/docs/libraries)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Out-of-the-box support for your Next.js and React applications using the [Auth0 SDKs](/docs/libraries).
```
small nit: "out-of-the-box" may not translate nicely

Auth0's native integration with Vercel creates a new Auth0 tenant environment for your Vercel project. If you want to use an existing Auth0 account, integrate with Vercel manually when creating an application in the Auth0 Dashboard.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have:

* A Vercel account with an active project. If needed, [create a Vercel account](https://vercel.com/signup)

> * A Next.js application using the latest [Auth0 Next.js SDK](/docs/quickstart/webapp/nextjs), or

Reviewer: I think instead of the "or" with these two bullets, you could break it out like 

  - One of the following:
    - A Next.js application using the latest /docs/quickstart/webapp/nextjs
    - A React application using the latest /docs/quickstart/spa/react

* A React application using the latest [Auth0 React SDK](/docs/quickstart/spa/react)

After you've installed the integration, [enable iframe embedding](/docs/customize/login-pages/manage-core-configuration#iframe-embedding) to allow Universal Login or Classic Login to load in an iframe, as required by Vercel.

## Install integration

Install Auth0's Vercel native integration from the Vercel Marketplace:

> 1. **Vercel Marketplace**: Navigate to **Integrations > Browse Marketplace** and search for Auth0. Select the **Auth0 integration** under **Native Integrations**, then select **Install**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Integrations > Browse Marketplace** and search for Auth0. Select the **Auth0 integration** under **Native Integrations**, then select **Install**.
```

Reviewer: I don't think you need these bolded intros to each step.

Author: the bolded intros are in the UI for each new window, but looking at again, i think you're right and it's a bit redundant

> 2. **Configuration and Plan**: Auth0 automatically populates the localhost URL and callback URL for your application. Then, select your **Installation Plan**. Select **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Auth0 automatically populates the localhost URL and callback URL for your application. Then, select your **Installation Plan**. Select **Continue**.
```

Reviewer: You may not even need "Auth0 automatically populates the localhost URL and callback URL for your application" since it's background info and not step guidance?

Author: need to add for legal

> 3. **Confirmation**: Enter a name for your application. Select **Create**. Once the new Auth0 tenant and application have been successfully created, select **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter a name for your application. Select **Create**. Once the new Auth0 tenant and application have been successfully created, select **Continue**.
```

> 4. **Connect a project**: To connect to an existing Vercel project, select **Connect Project**, then select your project and environments. Enter a custom prefix to be added to your environment variables, if needed. Select **Connect**. Once you've successfully connected a Vercel project, you should be taken to the integration's [Getting Started](#getting-started) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To connect to an existing Vercel project, select **Connect Project**, then select your project and environments. Enter a custom prefix to be added to your environment variables, if needed. Select **Connect**. Once you've successfully connected a Vercel project, you should be taken to the integration's [Getting Started](#getting-started) section.
```

## Getting started

The Getting started section in the Vercel Dashboard shows a quickstart to get your app up and running quickly and securely. You can also manage your application settings on the left-hand navigation.

### Quickstart

To get started with Auth0's Vercel native integration, follow the instructions in the Vercel Dashboard to create and deploy your application.

<Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">

> You can only configure environment variables in a production environment.

Reviewer: Auth0 or vercel env variables?

Author: auth0, good catch!

</Callout>

> ### Manage your application settings

Reviewer: You might want to break this out from the getting started section since it's not something you'd want to do just once

You can update the following application settings:

- **Update Name**: Update the name of the application.
- **Update Configuration**:
  - **Parameters**: Update the localhost URL and callback endpoint for your application.
  - **Current Installation Level Plan**: Navigate to Integration settings to update the installation level plan for your integration. To learn more, read [Settings](#settings).
- **Secure this resource**
  - **Rotate Secrets**: Rotate secrets for your application. To learn more, read [Rotating environment variables](https://vercel.com/docs/projects/environment-variables/managing-environment-variables#rotating-environment-variables).
  - **Allowed Environments**: Select whether the integration is available to **All environments** or **Production environment only**.
- **Delete integration**: When you delete the integration, you are automatically downgraded to a Free Vercel plan. To learn more, read [Delete integration](#delete-integration).

#### Auth0 Dashboard

Manage additional application settings in the [Auth0 Dashboard](https://manage.auth0.com/).

> After you add the native integration to your Vercel project, the Auth0 Dashboard creates a new application in a dedicated Auth0 tenant. The application is pre-populated with your Vercel URIs, allowed callbacks, and logout URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you install the native integration, Auth0 creates a new application in a dedicated tenant, pre-populated with your Vercel URIs, allowed callbacks, and logout URLs.
```
